setup-your-homepage/homepage-sections.md, before:

### 1.SEPERATOR

Seperator Sections are used for the purpose of creating Whitespaces, Heading Titles in the layout.![](/assets/spacing-section.png)

**General Setting for Section**:

* Top Margin: Margin Top of Content

* Bottom Margin: Margin Bottom of Content

* Background Style: Background of Content: Color / Image

  **Content included 5 types \(Content Components\)  **

* Spacing: White space

* Line: Horizontal Line \(-------\)

* Heading: Only Heading Text

* Heading Title with Logo

* Heading Title with Line

  **Setting depend on Content Components**

### 2.SLIDESHOW

Sliders can be used on all kind of websites however they’re most commonly used on business websites or professional portfolio websites. One clear advantage of using a slider is that website owners can place all their important content in a visually appealing and interactive slideshow at the top of the page before their main content. This allows users to quickly see the highlights and take action.  
![](/assets/section-slideshow.png)

**Setting:**

* Full height: **Apply full height of image for slideshow**  
* Layout: **Select slideshow layout stype**  
  * Box   
  * Wide \(Full-Width\)
* Auto Play: auto switch between slide
* Auto-play delay time
* Navigator: Show navigator button in slideshow \(Next Back\)
* Bullet: show bullet icon
* Animation: Slide/Fade/Cube/Coverflow
* BLOCK 3 IMAGES ON THE RIGHT: Display 3 verticle images on right side of slideshow

  * Image
  * Link URL

  **Content:** Add your images for slideshow. Our Slideshow support to display image/video content on slideshow. You may setting following settings bellow

* Image

* Video: Go to Settings &gt; Files &gt; click 'Upload files' to upload your video, then copy the url and paste to here to display video in slide

* Link

* Text Layer Content

  You may add **maximum 6** **slideshow** **content**.

### 3.COLLECTION & PRODUCT

#### 3.1. COLLECTION

* Sections starting with the Collection are used to display collections on the website.

  * Collection List: Listing Horizontal Image Link to Collection

    ![](/assets/Collection List.png)

  #### 3.2. PRODUCT

  You can add more Product Sections & customize include:

  ##### 3.2.1. Products Listing

  Display products are selected from the collection in the form of vertical column.  
  ![](/assets/mediamarket-product-listing.png)**Settings**

* Lazyload: Apply lazyload effect for product image display

* Layout: Box/Wide

* Limited products for each collection: the number of products display each column.

  **More Settings \(Theme Settings\)**

* Product Review: You may display review below product image and product name

  ##### 3.2.2. Products Grid

  Display product images selected by grid \(or horizontal line\)  
  ![](/assets/product-grid.png)Product Grid Sections may display product image depend on Type

* One Horizontal Row:  when you select  **Limited items &gt; Number of items per row** and **Type = Row**  
  $$(Limited Items : Number of Items per row) <1$$

* Grid: when you select **Limited items &gt; Number of items per row **and **Type = Row**

* Slide: when you select **Type = Carousel**

  **Setting**

* Layout : Box / Wide

* Type: Row / Carousel

* Padding

* Borders

* Text Options

  **More Settings**[^1]

* Style Options: Icon, Style, Hover Effect, Add to cart buttons

* Product Vendor: Display Product Vendor tag

* Color Swatch: Display Color Swatch

* Metafields Description Excerpt: c\_f.description\_excerpt: Display Short Desciption Content in Meta Field

* Product Review

* Label Settings

* Quick View Product: display quick view icon when hover
* Product Wishlist: display wishlist icon when hover
* Product Compare: display compare icon when hover

##### 3.2.3. Product Tabs

Display products are selected from the multi-collection in the form of multi-tab  
![](/assets/pizzaro-section-product-tab.png)  
**Setting**

* Layout : Box / Wide
* Type: Row / Carousel
* Padding
* Borders
* Text Options

**More Settings**[^1]

* Style Options: Icon, Style, Hover Effect, Add to cart buttons
* Product Vendor: Display Product Vendor tag
* Color Swatch: Display Color Swatch
* Metafields Description Excerpt: c\_f.description\_excerpt: Display Short Desciption Content in Meta Field
* Product Review
* Label Settings
* Quick View Product: display quick view icon when hover
* Product Wishlist: display wishlist icon when hover
* Product Compare: display compare icon when hover

### 4. INFORMATION

### 5. ADVANTAGE LAYOUT

[^1]: Some options here may effect to global website: collection page, product page.

Commit message:

Creates assets/section-banner-2.png
Auto commit by GitBook Editor

setup-your-homepage/homepage-sections.md, after:

Pizzaro support many drag & drop section that you can use to custom your homepage products.

![](/assets/section-list.png)

### 1.SEPERATOR

Seperator Sections are used for the purpose of creating Whitespaces, Heading Titles in the layout.![](/assets/spacing-section.png)

**General Setting for Section**:

* Top Margin: Margin Top of Content

* Bottom Margin: Margin Bottom of Content

* Background Style: Background of Content: Color / Image

  **Content included 5 types \(Content Components\)  **

* Spacing: White space

* Line: Horizontal Line \(-------\)

* Heading: Only Heading Text

* Heading Title with Logo

* Heading Title with Line

  **Setting depend on Content Components**

### 2.SLIDESHOW

Sliders can be used on all kind of websites however they’re most commonly used on business websites or professional portfolio websites. One clear advantage of using a slider is that website owners can place all their important content in a visually appealing and interactive slideshow at the top of the page before their main content. This allows users to quickly see the highlights and take action.  
![](/assets/section-slideshow.png)

**Setting:**

* Full height: **Apply full height of image for slideshow**  
* Layout: **Select slideshow layout stype**  
  * Box   
  * Wide \(Full-Width\)
* Auto Play: auto switch between slide
* Auto-play delay time
* Navigator: Show navigator button in slideshow \(Next Back\)
* Bullet: show bullet icon
* Animation: Slide/Fade/Cube/Coverflow
* BLOCK 3 IMAGES ON THE RIGHT: Display 3 verticle images on right side of slideshow

  * Image
  * Link URL

  **Content:** Add your images for slideshow. Our Slideshow support to display image/video content on slideshow. You may setting following settings bellow

* Image

* Video: Go to Settings &gt; Files &gt; click 'Upload files' to upload your video, then copy the url and paste to here to display video in slide

* Link

* Text Layer Content

  You may add **maximum 6** **slideshow** **content**.

### 3.COLLECTION & PRODUCT

#### 3.1. COLLECTION LIST

* Sections starting with the Collection are used to display collections on the website.

  * Collection List: Listing Horizontal Image Link to Collection

    ![](/assets/Collection List.png)

  #### 3.2. PRODUCT

  You can add more Product Sections & customize include:

  ##### 3.2.1. Products Listing

  Display products are selected from the collection in the form of vertical column.  
  ![](/assets/section-product-listing.png)**Settings**

* Lazyload: Apply lazyload effect for product image display

* Layout: Box/Wide

* Limited products for each collection: the number of products display each column.

  **More Settings \(Theme Settings\)**

* Product Review: You may display review below product image and product name

  ##### 3.2.2. Products Grid

  Display product images selected by grid \(or horizontal line\)  
  ![](/assets/products-grid.png)Product Grid Sections may display product image depend on Type

* One Horizontal Row:  when you select  **Limited items &gt; Number of items per row** and **Type = Row**  
  $$(Limited Items : Number of Items per row) <1$$

* Grid: when you select **Limited items &gt; Number of items per row **and **Type = Row**

* Slide: when you select **Type = Carousel**

  **Setting**

* Layout : Box / Wide

* Type: Row / Carousel

* Padding

* Borders

* Text Options

  **More Settings**[^1]

* Style Options: Icon, Style, Hover Effect, Add to cart buttons

* Product Vendor: Display Product Vendor tag

* Color Swatch: Display Color Swatch

* Metafields Description Excerpt: c\_f.description\_excerpt: Display Short Desciption Content in Meta Field

* Product Review

* Label Settings

* Quick View Product: display quick view icon when hover

* Product Wishlist: display wishlist icon when hover

* Product Compare: display compare icon when hover

##### 3.2.3. Product Tabs

Display products are selected from the multi-collection in the form of multi-tab  
![](/assets/pizzaro-section-product-tab.png)  
**Setting**

* Layout : Box / Wide
* Type: Row / Carousel
* Padding
* Borders
* Text Options

**More Settings**[^1]

* Style Options: Icon, Style, Hover Effect, Add to cart buttons
* Product Vendor: Display Product Vendor tag
* Color Swatch: Display Color Swatch
* Metafields Description Excerpt: c\_f.description\_excerpt: Display Short Desciption Content in Meta Field
* Product Review
* Label Settings
* Quick View Product: display quick view icon when hover
* Product Wishlist: display wishlist icon when hover
* Product Compare: display compare icon when hover

##### 3.2.4. Product Carousel & Banner

Display a banner combine with a product casousel list

![](/assets/section_product_carousel_banner.png)

##### 3.2.5. Single Product

Display only one product at homepage, support add to cart button![](/assets/section-product-single.png)

### 4. INFORMATION

Newsletter sections is use to creat a newsletter form at homepage. You may custom background image/color. Change content for call to action form. ![](/assets/newsletter section.png)

### 5. BANNER

Use to creat list of banner, image,logo, instagram image at homepage. You can custom display with multi layout and options. ![](/assets/section banner.png)![](/assets/section-banner-2.png)

[^1]: Some options here may effect to global website: collection page, product page.
